left side of that two car looks good
right side not so much here we go just
sitting on the bottom he just had passed
Montoya who starts smoking I don't know
if that had anything to do with it or
not it could have you know it almost
looked like that he may have got in the
month toy just a little bit sounds like
something happened between he and the 42
in the racetrack but what he said on the
radio it didn't sound like he was happy
with what happened with Juan they're
going to go to a backup car but he is
running these three races and he said
last night he definitely learned a lot
where he wanted to go was set up today
also what he's planning to do in the
race Saturday night what took place
between yourself and Keselowski I would
love to know as well Phaedra died come
on up bitches only had a big run so I
got my hand out I wave at him run I
started turning and running high I think
he I think he thought he cleared me and
he probably was gonna run high and
running straight into me yeah I mean we
didn't even do I love I didn't I wasn't
even up to speed and I was really
shocked we are so I'm coming wait I was
um beside me and I left two groups on
the bottom and still hit me so it's just
what it is rough start to the day for
Brad Keselowski into the wall here they
say eighty percent of communication is
nonverbal what's the driver telling us
with these actions well he's telling us
that hey I may have made him I may have
messed up here in rekt rekt your race
car so I better jump in here and help
you fix it I'm sure he feels bad about
what happened that's he and Juan and
they didn't communicate on what they
were going to do there and they got the
Carnivale toward up I know he feels bad
about it Marcos Ambrose through the
infield grass yes sir he lost that thing
you're starting off a turn for their
didn't hit anything yet we hadn't even
got a chance to touch on how tough this
track is the drivers doing the talking
for us yeah well I think part of it just
said it's it's it's so hot that it just
really got no grip in it yeah Larry
don't the bumps are good they like bumps
now back in the day we would have been
raising a little bit of cane about you
know trucks a little bumpy you know
these guys they all laugh say oh yeah we
love this place got character Oh
character reached up there and grab that
nine car